if scientists accidentally fixed global
warming by creating a new global ice age
and forcing the remnants of humanity to
stay on a circumnavigational train
would you know how to survive in this
video i'm going to be teaching you how
to beat the death train from the snow
piercer
[Music]
now to understand what i mean by the
death train and how the last bastion of
humanity could be so [ __ ] and scary
let's take a look it's a train that
travels around the globe 360 days a year
so
what could be so bad about it everyone's
there together it's a technically
self-sustaining train that protects you
from the cold
there's certain carts that are designed
for different purposes for example
there's a cart that produces sushi
and fish another car that produces uh
food and it's a garden cart
and there's even a nail salon car where
the karens could go get their [ __ ]
haircut
however there's one especially [ __ ] cart
that most people in the movie live to
it's a crowded back cart which is full
of poor people
and i refer it to it as the
concentration camp card
the worst part is if you're born to a
certain cart you're staying there the
rest of your life
you can't leave the [ __ ] car the
whole premise of the movie and why this
movie needs to even be beat in general
and why you couldn't just stay in your
train car is that the people in the back
of the train car end up revolting and
they're trying to make their way to the
front of the train car so let's get
started on how we could beat individual
scenes of the movie
to start off with a movie we see a bunch
of cops which are the people that travel
around the train car
enforcing law and making sure that no
one is revolting
the cops are basically taking role by
getting rows of people to sit down
however there's one guy [ __ ] captain
america no just kidding that's actually
curtis in this movie
his name is curtis and he's the leader
of the rebellion however i find it
really stupid that he's the only one
standing up
as a leader you definitely don't want to
draw attention to yourself because if
people know that you're the leader
they're gonna start watching you closely
and any rebellion will fail
i know it's really hard for white male
lead actors to do but definitely [ __ ]
blend in
because like i said earlier the last
thing you want is the leader of the
rebellion to be spotted out and taken
out instantly because then there's no
[ __ ] rebellion
after taking roll the police officers
start distributing food to all the
people
they don't get traditional food instead
they get these things known as protein
blocks which look like disgusting
[ __ ] blobs of jello
that apparently have lots of protein
that they can sustain off of and this is
the only food that they get
although this may seem gross to people
who first experience it i strongly
suggest eating as much as you can
especially during a rebellion there
might not be enough food so you want to
stay strong at all times
curtis never actually eats many protein
blocks in the movie because inside some
of the blocks there are messages from
the front of the train teaching people
in the back
what to do during the revolt honestly i
find this extremely sus
and i would suspect it's something used
to find people who are traitorous and
then kill them before revolt can start
you know when the teacher's like i'm
going to close my eyes and whoever stole
the gel pen
bring it to the front and no one gets in
trouble sort of like that because you
get in trouble anyways after you bring
it up
however before people can analyze the
message and start the revolt this creepy
lady wearing yellow clothes such
measuring and taking kids away from the
families in the back of the train
there's this one black lady that
attempts to save her kid who's small
enough to get taken away by hiding him
under her dress however the one thing
she did wrong is standing at the front
of the crowd
i don't understand why she couldn't just
stand in the back with the kid hidden
under her dress that way no one would
even look
after the kids get taken away one parent
tries to take his kid back by fighting
with his shoe
as a result they take his hand outside
the train and freeze it off
well that certainly isn't good for the
rebellion because that definitely kills
some morale since some people don't want
to get their arms frozen and chopped off
luckily for the characters in the movie
the rebellion continues anyways what
they try to do is get a series of
barrels linked together
and plug it through the series of doors
preventing them from closing and
allowing them to access the other train
carts
i actually think this is quite an
intelligent way of making sure the doors
never close
however what i think they could have
done is instead of using people to lift
all the barrels they could have created
some wheels using smaller barrels
to make the movement of this barrel
chain much faster preventing time from
closing the door
and the only reason any of this works is
because curtis suspects that none of
them actually have any bullets because
one person said that their guns were
useless
however this is a very bad way to test a
theory curtis literally runs up to guard
and holds the gun to his head
what if there was a bullet he'd
literally be [ __ ] dead
[Music]
instead a much better option is to get a
meat shield and get someone that's much
less important than you to do your job
for you
or you could even choose to not do it at
all and just pray they don't have
bullets because at least that time
you'll have the element of surprise and
they won't be ready to shoot you
after fighting their way through a bunch
of cops including this big [ __ ]
they're able to make it to the prison
cart where they rescue the engineer of
the train as well as his daughter
they need this guy because they need to
open the doors to the other cards in
order to continue the rebellion
the engineer is extremely addicted to
drugs so they use that to incentivize
them to open doors
the group then moves from the prison car
to the food production car which is the
car responsible for creating food for
the people in the back of the train
and we cuckoo realize how disturbing it
is and what their protein blocks are
actually made of
yeah honestly i'd have the same reaction
as you curtis if that was what the
protein blocks were made out of
after having an argument with the person
making the protein blocks curtis finds
another one of the special messages
this time it says water obviously if i
were in this situation i would believe
it's a trap because why would someone at
the front of the train randomly try to
help the people in the back
they've never spoken so it really
doesn't make any sense well since
they've already started the revolt they
technically have nothing to do so they
might as well go on the only clue they
have so they decide that they need to
head to the water supply card to control
the water of the entire train
however once they reach the water supply
card they open the door and it's heavily
[ __ ] guarded i don't know what these
people are even designed to do on the
train and why they're just standing in
the water supply card
but the people in the back of the train
were definitely outmatched in this one
they only have bats and crowbars
the enemy team has blades and has armor
it's not to mention this creepy annoying
[ __ ] is back with their two secret
service bodyguard looking [ __ ]
so this is going to look like a tough
battle
the two groups immediately start
clashing and things look really cool
because curtis is able to beat a lot of
people despite being out of weapons and
human disadvantage
however there's a few things he could
have done to make the fighting look a
lot more smooth
in blade to blade combat the shield is
one of the most effective weapons it can
be used to block strikes and it can also
prevent other people from striking your
friends from behind since they can't run
past a shield
so curtis should have taken apart some
scrap metal back from the barrels
earlier and created a shield for some
people in the front
that way they can fight similar to roman
legion where some people block the
shields
and other people attack with sticks and
long swords from behind those shields
however in the middle of the fight
everything just stops everyone stops
fighting
why because the trained conductor
announces that the train is snow
piercing or running through snow that is
on the rail of the train
and it just so happens to also be new
years and these creepy dudes are [ __ ]
chanting
what i don't understand is why can't you
kill them while they're chanting or
while they're sitting next to you while
the train is shaking
just because the train is shaking
doesn't mean you can't move the fighting
resumes and the train enters a tunnel
however this is a big disadvantage for
our boys in the back because the
soldiers have night vision goggles
curtis and a crew are only saved by
people in the back who are able to get
torches and bring them up to the front
thus illuminating the area and allowing
them to turn the fight however instead
of using fire as just a light source
they could have easily used it as a
weapon as well a torch itself can be a
weapon they could have created molotov
cocktails
and the drugs curtis was giving the
engineer guy remember that curtis says
it could be like dynamite and it can
[ __ ] explode so they could have
definitely used that as a grenade if
they wanted to the crew from the
concentration camp car are able to
capture the lady that does all the
speeches and is a de facto leader
however they end up losing their second
in command anchor
the group only spare that lady because
she says she can bring them to the front
of the train
personally i think this is a great idea
because that prevents you from losing
more people from fighting
at first they thought if they controlled
the water supply of the train then
they'd be able to control the entire
train and bargain
but this is not the case because the
water supply comes from two ends both
the back and the front so even if they
take over one they can just get water
from the other
so they have to venture to the front of
the train what i don't understand is why
they only bring a certain amount of
people
why not just bring everyone the group
then moved to the next car which is a
garden car
nothing really happens here except the
group starts realizing all the luxuries
that they never had back in their own
cart to be fair you have been fighting
for a really long time and you need
those calories there's nothing stopping
you from grabbing one or two oranges off
the trees and eating because you never
know when you might need the strength to
fight again
the next card they enter is the aquarium
cart nothing really noteworthy happens
here either they just walk through the
cart see all the cool fish and they end
up getting some sushi which is served
twice a year
this just shows the difference between
the front of the train and the back of
the train and how the people in the back
of the train are definitely treated like
[ __ ]
however they really told the lady from
the front to eat [ __ ] because they made
her eat a protein block instead of the
sushi
[Music]
this scene here loki seems a little bit
like a scene from the movie a day after
tomorrow i have a video on that on my
channel and you should definitely go
watch it it's pretty interesting
anyways back to the movie after having a
delicious meal of sushi the group
finally reached
the classroom section where all the kids
are being indoctrinated with wilford era
[ __ ]
[Music]
it has a propaganda [ __ ] [ __ ] and
here we see this nice bald man
delivering new year eggs to everybody in
the train he goes from front to back and
is giving one egg to each person except
for those in the tail end of course
the first and most obvious rule is to
never let anyone into your vulnerable
back lines if you don't know who they
are i know he looks nice and eggs look
appealing but there's no reason you
should be letting him behind you
especially if you have all the weapons
and fighters in the front now curtis and
the crew have a big [ __ ] problem
there's people behind them with machine
guns trying to kill them and there's the
teacher in the classroom with them with
the machine gun to kill them
okay never mind the teacher actually
died really fast because she can't aim
her [ __ ] gun
however she can control the recoil
pretty well i don't really know what you
can do in the situation if you're in the
back of the car trapped to the rest of
the people with machine guns but i
definitely try running because they're
not going to kill everyone because they
need some people in the back
so if you stay in the back maybe they'll
stop killing people also if i were part
of the concentration camp car i would
definitely not be taking prisoners they
grant you literally no benefit because
if you end up getting caught and they
get freed
they go free and you're dead so just
kill them with you anyways
we'd see that the enemy military
definitely has a uniform so there's
nothing stopping you from potentially
stealing
that uniform preventing you from getting
shot and allowing you to blend in with
the enemy
now curtis and his crew attempt to push
to the front of the cart while they're
being pursued by a secret agent coming
from the back who picked up a machine
gun
what i can say is this is definitely the
right choice because going back and
fighting would just be going
back and dying because even if you kill
them they're eventually going to bring
more troops and bring you down anyways
eventually the train starts going in a
loop-de-loop so curtis and the other
guys start shooting at each other
however they don't realize that the
windows are [ __ ] bulletproof
and if you destroy the windows the
entire train is just gonna explode
killing everybody is not gonna solve
anything
instead i would just lie back and save
my bullets for the final fight
curtis and his group attempt to push
forwards towards the front of the train
they go through a bunch of cards that
they have never seen before
everything from lavish party cards to
even dentists and everything in between
they end up starting to fight in the
sauna curtis and the other dude are 1v2
against the secret agent guy
everyone is disarmed so they should
fight at the same time however they do
not do this they instead fight one at a
time
everyone who's heard of the battle of
300 should definitely know that if you
have a numbers advantage you should rush
with all of them at the same time
not give them a chance to equalize the
number advantage one of curtis's
soldiers gets in the fight with the
secret agent guy however the secret
agent guy hasn't pressed against a wall
and is inserting a knife slowly into his
chest
they're very close together so there's
nothing stopping the other dude from
doing something other than slowly
getting stabbed at the knife what he
could have done here is bite the other
guy's nose or do something to release
the grip
with the help of the black lady kurt is
finally able to win the fight notice how
they only won the fight after they
ganged up on the dude why didn't they
just do this earlier the remaining three
from curtis's group which are curtis
the engineer and the engineer's daughter
finally make their way to the very front
of the train where they're greeted by a
strange boy and courtesy not open
the japanese dude has a genius idea of
using all the drugs from earlier to
create a bond and then blowing a hole in
the side of the train and escaping
my question is is where the [ __ ] are you
escaping to there's nothing outside
other than
frozen water snow and polar bears it's
basically when you're 12 years old and
you're thinking about running away from
home but then you realize there's no
wi-fi outside your house
instead what i would have done to force
them to open the door is start killing
everybody on the train
we know the train is not able to survive
if everyone is there so take out your
weapons your guns your blades and just
start killing people from front to back
until they open the gate and meet you
luckily for the characters they never
have to actually do any of these extreme
measures because the yellow lady from
earlier that looks like the guy from
curious george
comes out and shoots the japanese guy
and then takes the grenade
inside the leader of the train invites
curtis to become the new head of the
train
and inhabit the front of the train since
he's getting old so there needs to be a
new operator
honestly if it were up to me and i was
living like [ __ ] my entire life and he
suddenly said that i'm allowed to become
the head of the train i would definitely
take it but curtis doesn't take it
curtis was actually about to take it but
instead he realizes that there's child
slavery going on on the bottom of the
train
yeah the train ran out of automated
parts so they replaced them with small
children which is why the children were
being taken in the first place honestly
curtis came really close to beating the
entire movie he made it to the front of
the train like he wanted to he almost
took control of the entire train just
like what he wanted to he could have
made things fair
but instead what does he do he explodes
the entire train by making the dynamite
go off and as a result only two people
out of the train survive the engineer's
daughter and one of the children slaves
is this a good outcome probably not i
know the train would only exist with the
presence of child slavery so curtis
didn't want to continue that
but he basically killed everyone and in
my opinion slavery is a lot better than
everyone dying
what i was thinking is instead of making
a child slaveries you could make a child
labor have people volunteer their
children up for extra rations or
something like that
and if not then you could maybe force
everybody's children to work a certain
amount of time rather than just a
certain few children in slave-like
conditions
all in all that's it i give this movie a
beatability score of a 2 out of 10. it's
very hard to beat because of the
confined conditions as well as the very
special circumstances that happened
throughout the movie as well as the fact
you never have perfect information so
you don't really know what's going on
if you enjoyed this video hit that
subscribe and like button it helps the
channel
a lot i hope you have a good rest of
your day and peace